content/post/hugo-bootstrap-theme/index.md, before:

---
title: "Hugo Bootstrap Theme alpha"
description: "Hugo theme for a secure, blazing fast and SEO-ready static website, using Bootstrap 5."
date: 2022-05-22T13:35:02+01:00
draft: false
images: ["site-feature-image.png"]
categories: ["Hugo Bootstrap Theme"]
tags: ["Hugo","Bootstrap","Featured"]
keywords: ["hugo bootstrap theme"]
authors: ["Filipe Carneiro"]
aliases:
  - hugo-bootstrap-theme-alpha
---

> Hugo theme for a secure, blazing fast and SEO-ready static website, using Bootstrap 5.

Open-source MIT Licensed Hugo Theme, using Bootstrap 5.

- 🛡️ Security aware

  Get A+ scores on Mozilla Observatory out of the box. Easily change the default Security Headers to suit your needs.

- ⚡ Fast by default

  Get 100 scores on Google Lighthouse by default. Hugo Bootstrap Theme removes unused css, prefetches links, and lazy loads images.

- 📈 SEO-ready

  Use sensible defaults for structured data, open graph, and Twitter cards. Or easily change the Search Engine Optimization settings to your liking.

Check the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/filipecarneiro/hugo-bootstrap-theme) for the release notes.

Commit message:

feat: write copy for 6 key product features

content/post/hugo-bootstrap-theme/index.md, after:

---
title: "Welcome to StudyBuddy"
description: "StudyBuddy helps you connect with the right study partners and succeed together."
date: 2025-02-06
draft: false
#images: ["site-feature-image.png"]
categories: ["Hugo Bootstrap Theme"]
tags: ["StudyBuddy","Learning","Education"]
keywords: ["study partner", "learning groups", "study buddy"]
authors: ["Shafaa Munjal"]
aliases:
  - studybuddy-home
---

> StudyBuddy: Your Perfect Study Partner

StudyBuddy is a smart platform designed to help you find study partners based on your strengths, weaknesses, and learning preferences. Whether you're preparing for an exam or need someone to brainstorm ideas with, StudyBuddy connects you with people who match your academic needs.

# Illustrated Features: 

1. Study Group Matching

As a student, I want to be matched with study partners enrolled in the same courses so we can help each other understand difficult concepts better.

3. Study Buddy Forum

As a student, I want to be a part of a study forum where I can post questions and answers with other students in the same course to learn from each other.

3. Study Progress Trackert

As a productivity-focused user, I want to track my progress in various subjects and compare it with my study group's progress, so I can measure my improvement and stay motivated. 

4. Group Scheduling

As a student, I want to schedule group study sessions directly in the app so I can find times that work for everyone and stay organized. 

5. Learning Preference-Based Matching

As a student, I want to be matched with study partners who share similar learning preferences, so our study sessions are more effective.

6. Study Session Reminders

As a student, I want to receive reminders for study sessions and tasks assigned by my study group, so that I stay on top of my assignments and deadlines.
